Adds a check for `strip_option` when using `try_setter` (#286)
colin-kiegel/rust-derive-builder: derive_builder/CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

> 

Reviewer: Please avoid introducing formatting changes to this file.

Author: Woops, sorry about that.

Author: Rebased to resolve this.

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

> ## [0.12.1] 2023-04-06

Reviewer: For now, please title this section `Unreleased` - when I make the commit to bump the versions in all the Cargo.toml files, I'll also update this.

Author: Fixed.

> -   Inherit `strip_option` configuration from `setter` for `try_setter`, avoiding compilation errors #284

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make try-setters inherit `strip_option` from `setter` for `try_setter`. Using these settings together previously caused a compile error  #284
```

The use of "inherit... from... for" is slightly awkward.

Author: Updated the message to reflect this after rebasing.
